0:::My special education students are on the path to developing a life long love of learning, but get frustrated with their current reading material options as they are not high interest, age appropriate, or accessible. Help them fall in love with books! \n\nOur school is a charter on the south side of Chicago that focuses on social-emotional learning.  My students receive instruction in smaller, more structured special education classes due to their reading deficiencies. They want to be able to read like their non-disabled peers but many of them have given up on school and are not engaged in their classwork. I would love to provide them with high interest novels to get them re-invested in their learning and help them grow both as readers and as individuals.   \n\nOrca Soundings are teen fiction for reluctant readers. We will use Orca Soundings in leveled small group literature circles. Students will progress through the levels as they strengthen their reading comprehension and fluency. Our literature circles will be a combination of discussion based activities and comprehension checks, and will make students feel safe in their reading abilities in front of their peers.   \n\nFunding this project will make such a difference in the lives of my students because you will be providing them with novels that they won't want to put down and creating ravenous readers for life! 
1:::Our classroom is a diverse, engaging place where we encourage risk taking. We celebrate our individual strengths and support each others weaknesses. Our superpower is learning!! We love exploring, asking questions, then conducting our own research to answer these questions.  \n\nOur classroom is made of students from all over the world, literally! We have students from various parts of Africa, Thailand, Burma, Mexico, Puerto Rico and even different parts of the United States. All of these backgrounds makes our classroom a very culture rich place! As a class we are working on strengthening our English language proficiency. We have high expectations for ourselves and hold ourselves to them. Our school is a Title I, low income, school. In 3rd grade, as we set our educational foundation we are preparing our students to stop the cycle of poverty. As we prepare them to continue their educational career, which includes college, we are very intentional when instilling the importance of goal setting and achieving.\n\n \n\nThe Live Butterfly Pavilion will allow our class to observe the live cycle of butterflies up close and personal! Currently we are researching ants and have our own ant farm! The nonfiction books we are requesting will allow us to practice using text features to locate information in books and not just rely on the Internet. Finally, pencils are a valuable commodity in 3rd grade and receiving additional pencils will  help us when it is time to write our observations.  \n\nDonations to this project will bring valuable science into our classroom. Through this project our classroom will be able to practice reading, writing, and math through an authentic experience. This will allow our class to see science happen in real time! This will tie an experience to their academics, creating a lasting impact on their educational career.   
